Fix typo in Best practices > Stay secure doc (#6742)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/security/index.md

  (e.g., [Spectre][14]), and to being taken over by an attacker if a malicious web page compromises
  the renderer process.

> Operations using sensative data (such as a user's private information) or chrome APIs with access to the browser's functions, should be performed in the extensions's service worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operations using sensitive data (such as a user's private information) or Chrome APIs with access to the browser's functions should be performed in the extensions' service worker.
```
Might as well fix a couple of other typos :)
